Multiple Choice Questions:
1) What was one of the key factors that contributed to the start of the Industrial Revolution?
A) The French Revolution
B) The Agricultural Revolution
C) The Renaissance
D) The Age of Exploration

2) Which industry saw major growth during the Industrial Revolution?
A) Agriculture
B) Textiles
C) Mining
D) Fishing

3) What invention revolutionized the production of textiles during the Industrial Revolution?
A) The steam engine
B) The power loom
C) The printing press
D) The telescope

4) What was the main source of raw cotton during the Industrial Revolution?
A) China
B) Africa
C) American colonies
D) India

5) What major technological advancement led to faster and more efficient transportation during the Industrial Revolution?
A) The steam engine
B) The printing press
C) The spinning jenny
D) The telescope

6) What negative effect did the Industrial Revolution have on working conditions?
A) Improved working conditions for laborers
B) Increase in wages for workers
C) Harsh and dangerous working conditions
D) Shorter work hours for laborers

7) Which of the following is NOT a consequence of the Industrial Revolution?
A) Increase in population
B) Growth of cities
C) Decline of manufacturing industries
D) Development of new technologies

8) What was one of the negative aspects of the Industrial Revolution?
A) Improved working conditions
B) Rise of labor unions
C) Decrease in child labor
D) Greater social equality

9) The Industrial Revolution began in which country?
A) France
B) Germany
C) Great Britain
D) United States

10) Which of the following did NOT contribute to the surplus of labor during the Industrial Revolution?
A) Agricultural revolution
B) Invention of the spinning jenny
C) Rise of labor unions
D) Increased population

True/False Questions:
1) The Industrial Revolution occurred in the 18th and 19th centuries.
2) The invention of the steam engine led to faster and more efficient transportation.
3) The use of child labor was not prevalent during the Industrial Revolution.
4) The Industrial Revolution led to a decrease in demand for manufactured goods.

Free-response Questions:
1) Explain how the agricultural revolution contributed to the start of the Industrial Revolution.
2) Discuss one positive and one negative effect of the Industrial Revolution on society.
3) How did the Industrial Revolution lead to the growth of cities? 

Answer Key:
Multiple Choice Questions:
1) B
2) B
3) B
4) C
5) A
6) C
7) C
8) B
9) C
10) C

True/False Questions:
1) True
2) True
3) False
4) False

Free-response Questions:
1) The agricultural revolution increased food production and led to a larger population, creating a surplus of labor that could move to cities and work in factories.
2) One positive effect of the Industrial Revolution was the development of new technologies, while a negative effect was the harsh working conditions in factories.
3) The Industrial Revolution created new job opportunities in factories, drawing people from rural areas to cities for work, thus leading to the growth of cities.