1) Which of the following is NOT part of the Solar System?
a) Planets
b) Moons
c) Stars
d) Galaxies

2) How many planets are in the Solar System?
a) 4
b) 6
c) 8
d) 10

3) Which of the following is NOT a terrestrial planet?
a) Jupiter
b) Mars
c) Venus
d) Earth

4) The gas giants are also known as the ________ planets.
a) Inner
b) Outer
c) Rocky
d) None of the above

5) Which planet does not have any moons?
a) Mercury
b) Venus
c) Earth
d) Mars

6) Which of the following is not a natural satellite?
a) Moon
b) Asteroid
c) Comet
d) None of the above

7) Where are most asteroids found in the Solar System?
a) Between Mercury and Venus
b) Between Mars and Jupiter 
c) Beyond the orbit of Neptune
d) None of the above

8) Which of the following is NOT a feature of the Solar System?
a) Sun at the center
b) Planets with moons
c) Presence of comets
d) All of the above are features

9) True or False: All planets in the Solar System are roughly the same size.
a) True
b) False

10) True or False: The Sun accounts for 99.8% of the entire Solar System's mass.
a) True
b) False

11) What is the purpose of studying the Solar System?
a) To understand the complexity of the universe
b) To learn about the origins and evolution of Earth
c) To potentially discover other habitable worlds
d) All of the above

12) Free-response: Name and describe one type of smaller object found in the Solar System.

Answer: One type of smaller object found in the Solar System is comets. These are icy bodies that originate from the Kuiper Belt and Oort Cloud, located beyond the orbit of Neptune. Comets have a characteristic tail made up of gas and dust that can be seen as they approach the Sun.

13) Free-response: How are the gas giants different from the terrestrial planets?

Answer: The gas giants are different from the terrestrial planets in terms of size and composition. Gas giants are much larger than the terrestrial planets and are mostly made up of gases such as hydrogen and helium. In contrast, the terrestrial planets have solid, rocky surfaces. 

Answer Key:
1) c) Stars
2) c) 8
3) a) Jupiter
4) b) Outer
5) b) Venus
6) b) Asteroid
7) b) Between Mars and Jupiter
8) d) All of the above are features
9) b) False
10) a) True
11) d) All of the above
12) Comets are icy bodies that originate from the Kuiper Belt and Oort Cloud, located beyond the orbit of Neptune. They have a characteristic tail made up of gas and dust that can be seen as they approach the Sun.
13) Gas giants are much larger than the terrestrial planets and are mostly made up of gases such as hydrogen and helium. In contrast, the terrestrial planets have solid, rocky surfaces.